Add more docs pages (#554)
OHDSI/DataQualityDashboard: vignettes/checks/sourceConceptRecordCompleteness.Rmd

## Definition

- *Numerator*: The number of rows with a value of 0 in the `X_source_concept_id` source concept field.  In the case of `MEASUREMENT.unit_source_concept_id` and `OBSERVATION.unit_source_concept_id`, the number of rows with a value of 0 in the `X_source_concept_id` source concept field AND a non-NULL `value_as_number`. 

> - *Denominator*: The total number of rows in the table. In the case of `MEASUREMENT.unit_source_concept_id` and `OBSERVATION.unit_source_concept_id`, the number of rows with non-NULL `value_as_number`. 

Reviewer: It might be because it is late, but I can't find `OBSERVATION.unit_source_concept_id`. Only Measurement and Device Exposure have a unit_source_concept_id.

Author: whoops, that was my error - will update to reference device instead of observation here

Reviewer: I see what happened, we use the same query for both standard and source concept id, with the exception for unit concepts.
https://github.com/OHDSI/DataQualityDashboard/blob/6ef7ee2dd1116741e3fe9907ef4d9cc98eccb96c/inst/sql/sql_server/field_concept_record_completeness.sql#L37

Note that we don't have this exception for the device table (`unit_concept_id` nor `unit_source_concept_id`) as it does not have a `value_as_number`. I assume it refers to the `quantity` field. Same for specimen table.

So we actually need to update the query to be consistent. It becomes a bit messy, but this would be the new where-clause.
```sql
WHERE cdmTable.@cdmFieldName = 0 
{@cdmTableName IN ('MEASUREMENT', 'OBSERVATION') & @cdmFieldName IN ('UNIT_CONCEPT_ID', 'UNIT_SOURCE_CONCEPT_ID')}?{AND cdmTable.value_as_number IS NOT NULL}
{@cdmTableName IN ('DEVICE_EXPOSURE', 'SPECIMEN') & @cdmFieldName IN ('UNIT_CONCEPT_ID', 'UNIT_SOURCE_CONCEPT_ID')}?{AND cdmTable.quantity IS NOT NULL}
```
That said, after thinking this through for a bit, if the ETL is properly defined it should not be an issue (i.e. if value is empty, then also unit should be empty)

Author: Oh my!  Great catch; we don't even check this on source concept ID fields, or any field in device or specimen.  So for now I will update this to remove the language altogether for source concept ID.  I'll file an issue to get this updated.

Reviewer: @katy-sadowski Opened the issue here: https://github.com/OHDSI/DataQualityDashboard/issues/558

Author: Thank you!!!

### ETL Developers
Recall that the `X_source_concept_id` columns should contain the OMOP concept representing the exact code used in the source data for a given record: “If the <x_source_value> is coded in the source data using an OMOP supported vocabulary put the concept id representing the source value here.” 

A failure of this check usually indicates a failure to map a source value to an OMOP concept.  In some cases, such a failure can and should be remediated in the concept-mapping step of the ETL.  In other cases, it may represent a mapping that currently is not possible to implement. 

To investigate the failure, run the following query: 

```sql
SELECT  
  concept.concept_name AS standard_concept_name, 
  cdmTable.X_concept_id, -- standard concept ID field for the table 
  c2.concept_name AS source_value_concept_name, 
  cdmTable.X_source_value, -- source value field for the table 
  COUNT(*) 
FROM @cdmDatabaseSchema.@cdmTableName cdmTable 
LEFT JOIN @vocabDatabaseSchema.concept ON concept.concept_id = cdmTable.X_concept_id 

> -- WARNING this join may cause fanning if a source value exists in multiple vocabularies 

Reviewer: Had to look up 'fanning', but seems appropriate :D

AND c2.domain_id = <Domain of cdmTable> 
WHERE cdmTable.@cdmFieldName = 0  
-- AND cdmTable.value_as_number IS NOT NULL -- uncomment for unit_concept_id checks 
GROUP BY 1,2,3 
ORDER BY 4 DESC 
```

The query results will give you a summary of the source codes which failed to map to an OMOP concept.  Inspecting this data should give you an initial idea of what might be going on. 

If source values return legitimate matches on concept_code, it’s possible that there is an error in the concept mapping step of your ETL.  Please note that while the `X_source_concept_id` fields are technically not required, it is highly recommended to populate them with OMOP concepts whenever possible.  This will greatly aid analysts in understanding the provenance of the data. 

If source values do NOT return matches on concept_code and you are NOT handling concept mapping locally for a non-OMOP source vocabulary, then you likely have a malformed source code or one that does not exist in the OMOP vocabulary.  Please see the documentation in the [standardConceptRecordCompleteness](standardConceptRecordCompleteness.html) page for instructions on how to handle this scenario. 

### Data Users

> Since most standard OHDSI analytic workflows rely on the standard concept field and not the source concept field, failures of this check will not necessarily impact your analysis.  However, if your analysis depends on understanding source coding practices or on codes you know may not be fully mapped to OMOP standard concepts, then this will be a critical check failure to understand. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since most standard OHDSI analytic workflows rely on the standard concept field and not the source concept field, failures of this check will not necessarily impact your analysis.  However, having the source concept will give you a better understanding of the provenance of the code and highlight potential issues where meaning is lost due to mapping to a standard concept.
```
